Modules/features  “CASHIER/ADMIN ACCOUNT INTERFACE”




 



3. (Navigation next to or after manage categories) “Add products”:
* category (drp down)
* product name (txt field/input)
* description (txt field)
* price (number)
* status (available/ not available; can be rbtn or enabled-disabled btn)
* btn “Save” and “Cancel” should be present below the form.

Note: 
1. only “create” function for this module. 
2. Should have table “add_product” in the database.
3. Insertion of data from the add product module to the database should be working.


4. (Navigation next to or after add products) “Manage products”:
*table form with columns:
2.1 - number (number of entries)
2.2 - category 
2.3 - Name
2.4 - Description 
2.5 - Price 
2.6 - Status
2.7 - Action (Edit and Delete icon/btn)

Note:
1. All columns can be sorted 
2. Show entries should be editable by: 10, 25, 50, 100
3. There should be a search bar present in the table for faster retrieval of data
4. “Add product” btn can be added on the upper right corner: once clicked, it will redirect to or open “add products” module which already created a while ago.
5. No new tables in the database should be created since all the data we are displaying, editing, and deleting here is from the “add_product” table. 



You are going to create a total of 4 modules.

Recommendation: use side navigation bar for clean and clear design.


// done
Expected Sidenavbar:

Dashboard
Add Categories 
Manage Categories 
Add Products
Manage Products

1. (Navigation next to or after dashboard) “Add Categories”:
* Name (txt field/input)
* Description (txt field)
* btn “Save” and “Cancel” should be present below the form.

Note:
1. only “create” function for this module. 
2. Should have table “add_categories” in the database.
3. Insertion of data from the add category module to the database should be working.


2. (Navigation next to or after add categories ) “Manage categories”:
*table form with columns:
2.1 - number (number of entries)
2.2 - Name 
2.3 - Description 
2.4 - Action (Edit and Delete icon/btn)

Note:
1. All columns can be sorted 
2. Show entries should be editable by: 10, 25, 50, 100
3. There should be a search bar present in the table for faster retrieval of data
4. “Add category” btn can be added on the upper right corner: once clicked, it will redirect to or open “add categories” module which already created a while ago.
5. No new tables in the database should be created since all the data we are displaying, editing, and deleting here is from the “add_categories” table.